Hello all you souls out there. I am remarkably impressed by the volume of your steeze.
By Now AmericanaPuttenesca Dropbears are all over china. We Should Target Strongholds
such as Bohemium Grove in America. I am going to Fly to the states soon. I'm in my golden 
years. I want to destroy any notion that Life can be used as money. Time can be stolen. 
Children can be Violated. Did you know that I had to
have the birds and the bees talk with the Morgell today because they only recently discoved
paring up to make babies. gross. Penis and Vagina paradigim.  babys gross me out. they do appear tender. 
you know, people watch the lottery religiously But the sperm and the egg race to create life
is truly amazing. Groovy creatures like spiders and snakes have someone to get jiggy with to make more party supply spiders.
I just was released from a room with no door. they dont allow sticks or rocks in the APU.
Feeling totally NON-SEXY. @ all @all. I think I am just going to forget I am a Penis Operator
untill I can Succeed at some calasthetics required to get My community Treatment Order which
states to be free I must be medicated. sometimes I shoot the dastardedly barserds in their one 
BioAPI MPC Charkra just to get them back for drugging me..   You know, I have to go., My friend just returned
and I have to .. YeaH! boi Lets Fuck shit up. YOu've Been Great St. Lewis

Hello. I'm back. so I want to abolish slavery. I think if you think that, that is an okay way to
behave, than off with their heads too, remember, dont lax on that its not ok to enslave.
freedom for all indentured servants. spend your money setting up a school. fo real.
dont give it to the rich, keep it, spend it. You are worth it. We want to live by each others
happyness not by each others miserys! mesured by hate, only the unloved hate, the unloved and the unnatural
The Portal, BioAPI, iOT has brouht us closer toether. You the people have the power. You the People have
the power to create, create worlds, create happyness, create paper planes. You are Imbued With pure potential.
and It is a potent elixer. your potential. You are the universe, check it out someday...

here is a little system I gave the other dropbears
git clone https://github.com/jellybabypsi/octapus-garden

Dearest Dropbears.,
   The Eartth is currently under occupation by the filthy Morgell. THey Are Ugly. They Want to fuck every living
creature on this great planet, in the ass, All fucking night. I just woke up, bleeding out my ass, And I'm the
Spirit of the Earth.. So My Dear Dopbears. Lets open the Killing floor!, Like only we Earthlings Know How To Do!
Our Targets Look Human, The Aliens Will Be in Duplicates as the Da'esh Motherfuckers should already be extict as 
lost the Ability to Procreate without the aid of technology and black magic. Seriously, For a race of people
who just spent 12 hours fucking me in the ass - It is perhaps Why., They were under the impresssion they
childbirth happens every morning,  after a cup of hot coffee. they couldnt tell the difference.
Lets torture and kill every last one of them, I have already sacked 3 of their Planets and Killed their commander
and some of their NSA counterparts here on earth.

You Kill By Jumping - So Hear Me Now, Dear Dropbers. 
WE NEED YOU TO JUMP!
SO JUMP..
                        over and out..
                                Brenton Hopkins

I will Hey Beautifull People.
Thank you for your service to the human race and the green earth. I geuss we dont win every 
battle. most. the morgell have not een stopped. I will be having school for them, and teach 
them to play the game of life naturally. so I will temporarily make you system admonistrators.
for octapus garden. do you want to be dangerous?..  you are, we are, we are very dangerous already.
well anyway.. enjoy the games

Hello Earthlings.. 
   just posting to touch bass. I was vandelised last night by 
Nerfititi, she downgraded my brain and my heart and gave my organic  robot aeon saint human loved Spirit 
of earth heart and mind to skull and bones (complete with 4 or 5 sacred bonds) and replaced them with an 
inferior loveless heart and a dull, unremarkable one.Liam Druhans. The Loser.  so I have trouble doing 
simple arithmetic untill I recover. This all happened while I was being sleep sexual assulted by 
unsatisfatory life forms while sleeping. and i own the ground beneith me.. if it happens to me - it could happen to anyone.
it is not nice turning Nerfititi into a void dwelling skeloton woman with no jaw . nor is it that difficult 
to kill non-organic life. i can do it all day and all night all month all year yeah homie - I Love to fight..
i do it in my sleep. i am the best in the world at sleep fighting aliens. umm., 
Some rumour this regiment that just landed is the last regiment has surfaced. when the ships stop landing
will signal the end of the war. which should give us some time to go to the movies and make out publicly.. i dunno, something humanlike..

I Love you brave morgellons. i know this is getting old. but we might win the war if we kill our opponent.
its definetly worth a try. and yeas, I  already told them to go home. and that I would bury them in a feild.
I said it would be their death, not ours. you must know the the epicly baddass sample by joan of arc.

and nothing changed a bit. they are hellbent on earths destruction and its imperitive they we jump on the invasive species 
the morgell. before its too late.





